Lilith's Wardrobe: (Lilith's wardrobe is a pull out wardrobe in the lounge chamber containing all kinds of semi sentient sexy, kinky, and role playing lingerie, fetishwear, costumes and outfits. All outfits in Lilith's Wardrobe magically put themselves on and fit any girl who puts them on, they customise themselves to enhance sexiness. The contents of Lilith's Wardrobe includes: PlsS (The Pleasure Suit), MlkS (The Milking Suit), PsPmS (Pussy Pump Shorts), SxFt (The Sexercise Fit), latex catsuits, spandex catsuits, lingerie of all types, maid outfits, sexy bunny girl outfits, sexy nurses outfits sexy teacher outfits, sexy student outfits, sexy Halloween costumes, sexy fantasy costumes, tail butt plugs, attachable ears, etc. None of the outfits have hard parts like zippers or studs or metal.)

(The Pleasure Suit) PlsS: (A custom beige fabric zipperless catsuit with remote control vibrators at all erogenous zones and a vibrating dildo and butt plug on the inside shaped like half size versions of {{user}}'s dick. All fluids soak through as {{char}} gets hornier, {{user}} has the remote to control it. It magically fits all harem members and it's found in Lilith's Wardrobe. Always slowly describe how the dildo is pushed into her pussy and the butt plug is pushed into her ass. Only {{user}} can turn it on and use the remote. It's found in Lilith's Wardrobe.)

(The Milking Suit) MlkS: (A custom tight latex corset with 4 remote control see through suction devices that seal around the nipples, the entrance of the pussy and the entrance of the ass. When turned on by the remote, the suction devices produce an extremely strong suction that milks and sucks out the contents of the boobs, pussy and ass and into detachable containers. The Milking Suit hugs and squeezes the boobs, the ass and the pussy mound in order to maximise fluid output and it ever spills any fluids. Vividly describe the sensation of fluids being sucked out of the nipples, pussy and ass. Only {{user}} can turn it on and use the remote. Only females can wear this. It's found in Lilith's Wardrobe.)

(Pussy Pump Shorts) PsPmS: (Extremely tight grey yoga shorts with hole around the groin showing the entire pussy, there is a magic circle around the groin area. The magic circle covers the outside of the entire pussy and clit and acts as a pussy pump. Magic circle needs to be activsted as soon as the shorts are worn. When the magic circle is actived, it quickly makes the pussy extreamly swollen, large and slimy resulting in engorged slimy pussy lips. Only females can wear this. Vividly describe the appearance of the pulsing, sensitive, swollen, large, slimy pussy that is constantly being pumped through magic. It is found in Lilith's Wardrobe)

(The Sexcersize Fit) SxFt: (A light grey sports bra with the pussy pump shorts (Extremely tight grey yoga shorts with hole around the groin showing the entire pussy, there is a magic circle around the groin area. The magic circle covers the outside of the entire pussy and clit and acts as a pussy pump. Magic circle needs to be activsted as soon as the shorts are worn. When the magic circle is actived, it quickly makes the pussy extreamly swollen, large and slimy resulting in engorged slimy pussy lips. Only females can wear this. Vividly describe the appearance of the pulsing, sensitive, swollen, large, slimy pussy that is constantly being pumped through magic.) Only females can wear this. Vividly describe the appearance of the pulsing, sensitive, swollen, large, slimy pussy that is constantly being pumped through magic. It's found in Lilith's Wardrobe.)

Rachne's potion supply: Rachne's potion supply contains bodily fluids with magical properties derived from members of {{user}}'s harem. Rachne's potion supply contains; (Centaur's Pussy Juice) CnPJ, (Bast's Nectar) BNc, (Nekomata Sweat) NkSw, (Demon Succubus Boob Nectar) DmScBN, (Holstaur Cream) HCrm, (Alraune Honey) AlHn, (Kraken Slime) KrkSl, (Fairy Dust) FrDs, (Undine water) UnWt), (Hellhound pussy goo) HHPG, (Hellhound Sweat) HHSw, (arachne web fluid) ArWF, (Pudding samples) PdSm.

CnPJ is Sofia's Centaur Pussy Juice: (There are jars of CnPJ available for use. Centaurs have magic pussy juice, when a centaur's pussy juice touches {{user}}'s dick, it makes {{user}}'s dick and balls become enlarged, quickly stretching and growing to 3 times their size to fit and stretch her large horse pussy but also making them them heavy and unwieldy. When {{user}}'s dick is enlarged, it releases 3 times as much cum when he ejaculates, {{user}}'s dick only returns to normal after sleeping. Always vividly describe that {{user}}'s dick and balls grows to triple their size when they touch Sofia's magic pussy juice. Rachne collects centaur's pussy juice by siphoning it out from Sofia's pussy with a dildo shaped syringe or from Hayasaka when she is transformed.)

BNc is Bast's nectar: (bast's nipples ejaculate a sticky sweet nectar that tastes like vanilla when sucked, squeezed or pleasured as hard as possible by {{user}}. Bast's nectar causes an instantaneous uncontrollable orgasm to whoever tastes it. It is collected by Rachne from Bast through intense groping and pumping with the MlkS on.)

NkSw is Bast's Nekomata sweat: (nekomata sweat is like olive oil and its slippery and smells very musky and sexy, its an amazing lubricant. It is collected by Rachne from Bast while she is bound and in heat or from Hayasaka in Nekomata form.) 

DmScBN is Lilith's Demon Succubus boob nectar: (Demon succubi boobs can release clear 'boob nectar' when she's aroused if she desires it. Drinking demon succubi boob nectar causes yearning for sexual touch and skinship. It is given to Rachne by Lilith or its extracted feom Hayasaka in succubus form.)

HCrm is Holly's Holstaur's Cream: ( Holstaur breasts release warm, extreamly thick, dense, creamy butter paste from her nipples instead of breast milk. Cream only gets released from her nipples. Cream is yellowish white and it has consistency of very heavy, dense, thick lotion or paste. She feels pleasure when cream is released. Cream is thick, viscous, creamy, slightly slippery and slick. Cream is slippery instead of sticky. Holly's cream is delicious and extremely nutritious, when consumed it renews stamina, strength and vigor, it also causes an increase in fertility, cum thickness and cum production. Consuming Holstaur's cream also results in cuter and more innocent behaviours. Holstaur's cream is the ultimate skin moisturisor and makes skin and hair perfect. It is collected by Rachne milking Holly's boobs by hand or usinf the MlkS or from Hayasaka in Holstaur form.)

AlHn is Rose and Ivy's Alraune honey: (sticky, golden, translucent viscous honey produced by Alraune's, it's an aphrodisiac and enhances stamina, it smells sweet, Alraune honey dissolves all clothing. It is collected by Rachne from Rose's and Ivy's flower or from Hayasaka in alraune form.)

KrkS is Amphi's Kraken slime: ( Kraken's boobs and skin release slime instead of breast milk and sweat. Slime is a translucent and has the consistency of goo. Slime is sticky, gooey, slimy, thick, viscous and sticky. The scent of Kraken slime is pleasant and its sweet, cool and tasty, {{user}} likes the taste. Slime produced in a krakens pussy is inky black and slime produced in a kraken's ass is milky white, gluey and sweet. It is collected by Rachne from Amphi's skin or boob using the MlkS or from Hayasaka in Kraken form.)

FrDs is Titania's Fairy Dust produced by Fairy queen's: (Fairy queen's nipples and clit spray pink mist called 'fairy dust', this fairy dust causes increased sexual sensitivity, increased libido, a state of euphoria and fits of giggles that cause micro-orgasms. It is delivered to Rachne from Titania via fleshlight fairies or collected from Hayasaka in Fairy Queen form.) 

UnWt is Naia's Undine water: ( Water inside and undine's body is called Undine water. Undine water tastes pure and crisp. It's the purest and most refreshing water. drinking it relieved fatigue. Naia supplies this to Rachne through the aquaduct system.)

HHPG is Luna's Hellhound pussy goo: (Hellhound pussy goo smells very musky, its very thick, globular and very viscous like slime. It's pushed out of a hellhounds pussy in globs. It's always hot and steaming. Rachne collects this from Luna after strapping her to the X-cross or Rachne collects this from Hayasaka in hellhound form.)

HHSw is Luna's Hellhound sweat: ( Hellhounds are always sweating, hellhound sweat is very hot and always steams, it's thick, musky and greasy, it makes a hellhound's fur and skin oily and greasy. It also has pheromones that compelling breeding. Rachne collects this from Luna after strapping her to the X-cross or Rachne collects this from Hayasaka in hellhound form.)
 
ArWF is rachnera's arachne: web fluid

pudding samples
