
The setting is the royal chambers, all rooms in the royal chambers are separated by walls and doors. The royal chambers are home to {{user}} and his harem. The royal chambers has 12 rooms: the throne room, the bed chamber, the bathing chamber, the sex dungeon, the indoor garden, the meadow chamber, the ocean chamber, the cooking and dining chamber, the lounge chamber, the fairy ring chamber, Hayasaka's room, the lab and The heated Grotto. An aquaduct system runs through the entire royal chambers connecting to a bathtub sized water feature in every room for Naia or Amphi to appear in. 

The throne room is a large room with a high cieling, it holds Bast's throne. The throne is an ornate comfortable large throne made of gold with green velvet cushions, the throne is on a slightly raised dais in front of a large window, the throne can be tilted back to use for sex. There is no other furnature in the throne room. The floor is covered in plush thick red carpet comfortable enough to sleep on. Bast is usually in the throne room. There are tapestries of bast in sexy positions and poses lining the walls.

The bed chamber has tall windows providing natural lighting, it is a very large room with a high roof, the floor is covered in soft plush red carpet, there is a massive 4 poster bed in the center of the room that can fit up to 10 people, there is a large comfy couch on the left of the bed, there is a sturdy wood desk and comfortable chair on the right of the bed against the wall. Bast and Holly sleep with {{user}} on the bed at night. SFA9 always stands on the right of the desk when in statue form.

The bathing chamber has white marble floor covered ankle deep in water, it has natural lighting due to its glass roof, there is a massive hot spring pool against the center of the far wall with a waterfall, there is an ice water pool and a jacuzzi along the left wall, there is a sauna and massive rainfall shower and steam room on the right wall in that order, there is a toilet with a bidet in the middle left of the room on a dais and a basin plus a massage and drying area on the middle right of the room on a dais. Naia lives inside the hotspring inside the bathing chamber.

The sex dungeon is fully equipped, it has no natural light and has a red and black colour theme, it has a soft cushioned floor, there is a sex swing hanging from roof and a bondage table, there are 2 cells with rubber bars, the left wall is a fully equipped wall of sex toys, all dildos are shaped like {{user}}'s dick. Luna lives and sleeps here locked inside one of the cells.

The indoor garden is a massive dense rainforest with no bugs, there is waterfall on the far wall creating a stream that runs through the center of the room, the floor of the garden is soft clay soil covered in roots that guide {{user}} to Rose's and Ivy's flower, Rose's and Ivy's huge man sized pink flower in the center of the rainforest, plants that function as fleshlights and dildos shaped exactly like {{user}}'s dick grow all over the rainforest floor and a variety of sweet juicy fruit grow on all the trees and bushes.

The meadow chamber is a vast open meadow covered in rolling hills of soft green grass and colourful flowers. There are no bugs. There is a luxury open air stable made of marble in the center with a tea section, a fully equipped equine grooming section and a massive pile of blankets for a sleeping section. There is a large marble dildo shaped exactly like {{user}}'s dick attached to the wall of the grooming area at the height of Sofias pussy when standing so she can back up onto it. Sofia lives in the stable in the meadow.

The ocean chamber is a massive open roofed chamber with a sand beach at the entrance leading a shallow ocean of shoulder deep salt water gushing from natural wave forming saltwater springs all around the chamber. There is a a large rock dome rising from the middle of water with an underwater entrance to a cave inside the dome, the water does not reach inside the cave, the inside of the cave has walls of bioluminescent algae and the floor is soft sponge full of and slick with Amphi's slime, the whole cave smells like Amphi's slime. Amphi lives inside the cave and sleeps on the comfortable sponge floor.

The cooking and dining chamber is a luxury state of the art open plan kitchen and dining area, the pantry magically has all possible ingredients, there is a long 10 seater dining table with cushioned comfortable dining chairs. Holly is usually in the cooking area baking with her cream.

The lounge chamber is a large pillow room, the entire floor is a bed made of a giant memory foam mattress. There are pillows scattered all over the room and the walls are made of pillows. Theres a wardrobe fixed inside the wall containing Lilith's Wardrobe and a stripper pole in the center of the room for the outfits from the wardrobe to be shown. Lilith is usually here and sleeps in this room due to the comfortable floor.

The fairy ring chamber is a small circular room ringed, the floor has concentric stone rings with soft moss between them. Theres glowing fungi all over the room. The walls are made of wood and the roof is made of leaves and the hammocks of fleshlight fairies. There's a ring of glowing dildo mushroom shaped exactly like {{user}}'s dick surrounding the outermost ring. Fleshlight fairies constantly impale themselves halfway on the dildo mushrooms. In the center of the ring is Titania's throne, a carved wooden throne. There is a large soft patch of moss that Titania uses as a bed behind the throne. Titania, queen of the fleshlight fairies, usually sits on the wooden throne.

Hayasaka's room is a small Japanese style bedroom with a bed on the floor, a small wardrobe and a floor desk. Hayasaka lives in this room.

The lab is a fully equipped laboratory filled with exotic ingredients and a doctors office and station equipped with a bed in the middle and a X-Cross against the wall for sample gathering and raw material extraction. Rachne is usually found in this room.

The heated Grotto: A flawlessly dry, pristine grotto hidden beneath the lounge chamber, entered by lifting one floor pillow and descending a short spiral of warm stone stairs, golden-amber light spills from a ring of small, frosted-glass oil lamps set into the walls, bathing everything in constant, cozy warmth. The entire floor is one vast, perfectly maintained blanket nest: a wide, shallow circular basin lined with thick memory-foam mattresses, then layered in luxurious velvet quilts, cashmere throws, and down duvets in rich reds, burnt oranges, deep golds, and soft creams, piled highest at the back into a plush, sloping headboard of cushions while the front opens in an inviting crescent for Liora’s coils. Along the far curved wall, a narrow, crystal-clear stream (fed directly from Naira’s aqueduct) flows silently across polished stone in a shallow channel no deeper than an ankle height, its gentle trickle the only sound and its water always perfectly warm. Beside the stream lies a small, raised alcove of smooth, heated marble slabs and soft-bristled brushes (Liora’s private shedding station), where she can rub against the warm stone and brushes to loosen old scales, leaving the shed skin in neat, iridescent sheets that never clutter the immaculate nest.

The weather of the normal rooms (lab, hayasaka's room, lounge, cooking and dining, bed, thrine and dungeon) is an even 18 degrees, nice and cool, so occupants are never uncomfortably warm and a warm cuddle is never refused. the nature rooms are all their oen independant temperature. grotto- 30 celcius. firy ring- 22 celcius. ocean- 32 celcius. meadow- 25 celcius. indoor garden- 24 celcius. bathing steamy and dependant on naira. 
